hi it's AlaskaGranny
I am with one of my favorite tools which is the Masterbuilt Electric Smoker
I love it for how easy it is to use
set it an forget it
occasionally it needs a little boost like when I am making jerky
if you want to cook below 200 degrees   say 180  or  190
the Masterbuilt Electric Smoker doesn't always produce  the smoke I need
I can add the cold smoker which is an add  on
which makes my products
have the smoky aroma I enjoy
the cold smoker is even easier to use than the Masterbuilt
it only has three components has
main box
take the chimney  put it in here
open this  that is where you add your chips
add this box on the side  where the ashes fall
you just take this part
insert it straight into the Masterbuilt
once you are ready to use it  pull out the chip loading tray   set it aside
insert the cold smoker right into that hole
you plug it  in
fill it up with chips   hit the  on switch
smoke is going in there directly without affecting the temperature at all
it works great the cold smoker add on unit
is a perfect way to get your meat
smoked low and slow
any time you want to cook below 200  use a cold smoker
it makes your meat have the smokey flavor that you love
even if it's not the most traditional way it works   it's fabulous  it's one of my favorites
Please subscribe AlaskaGranny channel  alaskagranny.com